Stop
We can go in without an invitation
What are you?
I need to explain to you.
Your security brother is quite troublesome
Take them both out and to the toilet
Let them eat
Master, have we gone a little too far?
If I can't get in today
These are going to be released.
It's all their fault
Come
Come and let me tell you to be you trash
Don't you dare
You trash
It's not over today
Grandma, save me
You save my grandma
Trash, I think you don't want to stay at the Lin's house anymore
I'll let Danny go immediately
Want to come in with us?
Let's fly first
Take my shoes
Lick clean
waste
You are dreaming
grandma
Here we go.
Do as Xiaona says
I said it, you have to recognize it.